Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price??? In addition , iPods can be used as portable hard drives and can display your calendars and contact info.
The iPod is better, more popular, and more compatible.  Why go against the grain.  Do the right thing and go Apple.
Where does apple think they are getting off with this product.  150 dollars for a 1 gb player, that doesnt even allow you to see what is comming up next on your playlist?  For 150 dollars you can buy a 15gb player from dell, with a backlit screen, nice interface, and wow, it shuffles too! I am a fan of the ipod, and I have nothing against apple, but this is proposterous.  They are actually advertising and using the fact that you don't know what you are going to hear next as a selling point.  Oh, the revolution of shuffle. Granted, this is a product oriented for people looking for a non hard drive/ flash based player, but in the end, it's just another way for apple to grab your money.  But, if you are a mac user, you probably have tons of money anyhow.
Some much better out there... Suprisingly over priced for what you get.
This is a great MP3 Player for the price. It far exceeds the major competitor for value.  Having purchased 2 others, a Mini and a Nano for my children, I was looking for something less expensive for myself.  I read the reviews and ratings on this and several other brands and decided to go with the Sansa.  No regrets here!!!  The Sansa was 10x easier to set up than the Ipods were.  The only downfall is the difficulty of making playlists.  But, for the money, I can live without this.  My kids like my Sansa so much they've asked me to replace their Ipods with one.
I love my Sansa e260!  The only con I have is I think the earbuds are a bit tacky, an easy fix.  I've had no freeze-ups, as others report.  Add a nice case and screen protector to your Sansa and you've got a solid, reliable mp3 player that's built to last.  As an added benifit you can feel good about yourself as others pass by with their high dollar iPods like a herd of sheared sheep! Aestheticly the iPod IS sexy, but as you set up house with your Sansa you'll discover, perhaps with a bit of surprise, that it's a hottie too.
Get an Ipod.  I've tried 2 Sansa MP3 players and they both quit working after 6 months.
Lets start by saying i have had scandisk products before, and they were a pretty good product. This particular product is by far the lowest quality lowest recomended, lowest bidder built piece of garbage that i have ever owned. For the same general price point, i would recomend the coby, or spend the extra money and get a zune. i had a n ipod nano, and if it werent for itunes, i would have kept it. it is slow, cumbersome to navigate, and the sound quality is poor. (compared to the ipod, coby, and zune)i DO NOT recomend this to anyone.